contributing: tighten AI usage policy (#18388)
ggml-org/llama.cpp: CONTRIBUTING.md

- Maintainers: responsible for reviewing and merging PRs, after approval from the code owners

# AI Usage Policy

> [!IMPORTANT]
> This project does **not** accept pull requests that are fully or predominantly AI-generated. AI tools may be utilized solely in an assistive capacity.
>
> Detailed information regarding permissible and restricted uses of AI can be found in the [AGENTS.md](AGENTS.md) file.

Code that is initially generated by AI and subsequently edited will still be considered AI-generated. AI assistance is permissible only when the majority of the code is authored by a human contributor, with AI employed exclusively for corrections or to expand on verbose modifications that the contributor has already conceptualized (e.g., generating repeated lines with minor variations).

If AI is used to generate any portion of the code, contributors must adhere to the following requirements:

1. Explicitly disclose the manner in which AI was employed.
2. Perform a comprehensive manual review prior to submitting the pull request.

> 3. Be prepared to explain every line of code submitted if asked about it by a maintainer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Be prepared to explain every line of code they submitted when asked about it by a maintainer.
```

I'm ESL myself but I think the correct word here is "when".

> 4. Using AI to respond to human reviewer is strictly prohibited.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Using AI to respond to human reviewers is strictly prohibited.
```

    - If you modified a `ggml` operator or added a new one, add the corresponding test cases to `test-backend-ops`
- Create separate PRs for each feature or fix:
    - Avoid combining unrelated changes in a single PR
    - For intricate features, consider opening a feature request first to discuss and align expectations
    - When adding support for a new model or feature, focus on **CPU support only** in the initial PR unless you have a good reason not to. Add support for other backends like CUDA in follow-up PRs
- Consider allowing write access to your branch for faster reviews, as reviewers can push commits directlyPRs

After submitting your PR:
- Expect requests for modifications to ensure the code meets llama.cpp's standards for quality and long-term maintainability
- Maintainers will rely on your insights and approval when making a final decision to approve and merge a PR
- If your PR becomes stale, rebase it on top of latest `master` to get maintainers attention

> - Consider adding yourself to [CODEOWNERS](CODEOWNERS) to indicate your availability for reviewing related

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Consider adding yourself to [CODEOWNERS](CODEOWNERS) to indicate your availability for fixing related issues and reviewing related PRs
```

- Maintainers: responsible for reviewing and merging PRs, after approval from the code owners

# AI Usage Policy

> [!IMPORTANT]
> This project does **not** accept pull requests that are fully or predominantly AI-generated. AI tools may be utilized solely in an assistive capacity.
>
> Detailed information regarding permissible and restricted uses of AI can be found in the [AGENTS.md](AGENTS.md) file.

Code that is initially generated by AI and subsequently edited will still be considered AI-generated. AI assistance is permissible only when the majority of the code is authored by a human contributor, with AI employed exclusively for corrections or to expand on verbose modifications that the contributor has already conceptualized (e.g., generating repeated lines with minor variations).

If AI is used to generate any portion of the code, contributors must adhere to the following requirements:

1. Explicitly disclose the manner in which AI was employed.
2. Perform a comprehensive manual review prior to submitting the pull request.

> 3. Be prepared to explain every line of code submitted if asked by maintainer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Be prepared to explain every line of code submitted if asked about it by a maintainer.
```

4. Using AI to respond to human reviewer is strictly prohibited. Human-to-human communication ensures the most effective review process.

> For more info, please refer to the [AGENTS.md](AGENTS.md) file.

Reviewer 2: We already referred to AGENTS.md above - keep one of the two to reduce the text

- When merging a PR, make sure you have a good understanding of the changes
- Be mindful of maintenance: most of the work going into a feature happens after the PR is merged. If the PR author is not committed to contribute long-term, someone else needs to take responsibility (you)

> Maintainers reserve the right to decline review or close pull requests that satisfy any of the following conditions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Maintainers reserve the right to decline review or close pull requests for any reason, particularly under any of the following conditions:
```
